Alexa, what is seven plus four?
Alexa, what is twenty minus eight?
Alexa, what is nine times three?
Alexa, what is eighteen divided by three?
Alexa, what is the square of five?
Alexa, what is the square root of eighty-one?
Alexa, what is fifteen percent of two hundred?
Alexa, how many kilometers in a mile?
Alexa, convert twenty degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Alexa, how many days until July fourth?
Alexa, what is three plus six?
Alexa, what is fourteen minus six?
Alexa, what is seven times four?
Alexa, what is twenty-four divided by four?
Alexa, what is the square of eight?
Alexa, what is the square root of forty-nine?
Alexa, what is twenty-five percent of eighty?
Alexa, how many liters in a gallon?
Alexa, convert ten degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Alexa, how many days until New Year's Eve?
Alexa, what is four plus seven?
Alexa, what is thirty minus fifteen?
Alexa, what is eight times five?
Alexa, what is thirty-two divided by eight?
Alexa, what is the square of twelve?
Alexa, what is the square root of thirty-six?
Alexa, what is fifty percent of one hundred?
Alexa, how many meters in a kilometer?
Alexa, convert twenty-five degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Alexa, how many days until Easter?
Alexa, what is five plus nine?
Alexa, what is sixteen minus nine?
Alexa, what is four times six?
Alexa, what is forty divided by five?
Alexa, what is the square of ten?
Alexa, what is the square root of twenty-five?
Alexa, what is five percent of fifty?
Alexa, how many yards in a meter?
Alexa, convert zero degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Alexa, how many days until Thanksgiving?
Alexa, what is two plus eight?
Alexa, what is nineteen minus nine?
Alexa, what is five times five?
Alexa, what is forty-five divided by nine?
Alexa, what is the square of eleven?
Alexa, what is the square root of sixty-four?
Alexa, what is twenty percent of one hundred and fifty?
Alexa, how many grams in an ounce?
Alexa, convert thirty-five degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Alexa, how many days until my birthday?
Alexa, what is ten plus two?
Alexa, what is twenty-five minus five?
Alexa, what is six times seven?
Alexa, what is fifty-six divided by eight?
Alexa, what is the square of fifteen?
Alexa, what is the square root of one hundred?
Alexa, what is seventy-five percent of forty?
Alexa, how many ounces in a pound?
Alexa, convert forty degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Alexa, how many days until Halloween?
Alexa, what is one plus eleven?
Alexa, what is twenty-two minus two?
Alexa, what is three times nine?
Alexa, what is twenty-seven divided by three?
Alexa, what is the square of fourteen?
Alexa, what is the square root of nine?
Alexa, what is ten percent of sixty?
Alexa, how many inches in a foot?
Alexa, convert five degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Alexa, how many days until Christmas?
Alexa, what is thirteen plus seven?
Alexa, what is twenty-four minus twelve?
Alexa, what is two times twelve?
Alexa, what is fifty divided by ten?
Alexa, what is the square of sixteen?
Alexa, what is the square root of one hundred and twenty-one?
Alexa, what is thirty-three percent of ninety?
Alexa, how many minutes in an hour?
Alexa, convert fifteen degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Alexa, how many weeks until summer?
Alexa, what is seventeen plus three?
Alexa, what is forty minus twenty?
Alexa, what is eleven times eleven?
Alexa, what is one hundred divided by twenty-five?
Alexa, what is the square of seven?
Alexa, what is the square root of one hundred and forty-four?
Alexa, what is sixty percent of fifty?
Alexa, how many seconds in a minute?
Alexa, convert fifty degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Alexa, how many months until next year?
Alexa, what is thirteen plus six?
Alexa, what is twenty-eight minus fourteen?
Alexa, what is two times twelve?
Alexa, what is fifty divided by ten?
Alexa, what is the square of sixteen?
Alexa, what is the square root of one hundred and twenty-one?
Alexa, what is thirty-three percent of ninety?
Alexa, how many minutes in an hour?
Alexa, convert forty-five degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Alexa, how many weeks until New Year's Day?